When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

  I can use a remote repository as a back-up to my files to save these files on the cloud rather than on local device. 
  Also, I can use a remote repository to share my work with others who can contribute to my project. 
  Furthermore, I can the remote repository to resume my work from elsewhere, as I'm not tied up with my own local device.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

  Automatic pull might put some unnecessary overload on the network, no need to pull changes that are not complete yet. I might want 
  to have someelse contribute to the project, and when he finishes, I'd like to pull the changes not before.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

  Forks copies a repository from another account on GitHub and places it on my GitHub account, with a mention of the original contributer
  Clone copies a repository from any account on GitHub and places it on my local device, or from a repository from my local device to the   same device with another name.
  Branch creates another branch in the same repository.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

  This helps when we fetch the changes from GitHub and checking if there is a conflict between a change that was made locally, and a     change that was made remotely. After that, we can resolve that conflict loaclly and push the changes to GitHub.
  This has the benifit of syncronizing the local and remote repository without conflict.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

  I'll have to collaborate using standard methods, by using e-mail and attach my changes.
  The regular way would take less steps, but it will be harder to see the changes, and collaborate with many people.
  Using Git and GitHub fixes this problem.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?

  when collaborating with others, it's better to make a new branch with the changes that I need other to ckeckout and send me the   feedback and discuss these changes untill we agree on something. Then, I can pull the changes on my local device, resolve any confilcts, and push it back to GitHub with the final version ready to use.
  It might be simpler to make all changes in master branch, but this could lead to alot of conflicts and mistakes, so it is better to create a new branch for the changes to make sure we have a working version of the progam at the master branch.
